  Team Prime (team 1) developed Residence Life Assistant (RLA). Currently, the Resident Life staff consisting of Resident Assistants (RAs), Resident Directors (RDs), and Assistant Deans (ADs) has to go through one very unintuitive website in order to submit program proposals. Plus, there is no instant way for RAs and RDs to know if their programs were approved by the ADs. There are multiple forms to fill out, and it is easy for someone who is not a staff member of the Student Living & Learning office to submit proposals. There is also no room for improvement in the current website. 
	RLA is the solution to this. It is an account based website for RAs, RDs, ADs, and anyone who wants to put on a program. It is specialized per person - only RAs, RDs, and ADs can make accounts, while the general populous can submit program proposals for their organizations through a different form on the website. RAs and RDs have personalized dashboards with their necessary information, consisting of any announcements from ADs and the status of their programs. The RAs and RDs can also submit program proposals using an easy-to-use internal form. The RAs can submit small community proposals, the RDs can submit small and big community proposals, and everyone can access the discussion forums. The forums are saved in a database and can be viewed later. ADs then can review the forms, and approve of them. They can also view the discussion forums as well, and can send out announcements to the RAs and RDs. This will be easier to use than the current system.  
  
  Please create a database then upload websys_project.sql into phpmyadmin. Next edit the dbconnect.php file with the database name you created and your user and password for MySQL. Navigate to index.php and create and RA or RD account to create forms, then create an AD account to view the forms created by RAs and RDs. The student evaluation form does not require the user to be logged in to submit.




